Magnus above has sort of proved to be a
difficult opponent for you in the past
how was he today it was difficult today
as well I i I'm not so sure about his
opening choice but then at some point I
I got a bit stuck and he started to do
i'll play me a little bit then I had to
to find a way to tweak wise and at some
point he / pressed was he playing for a
win I don't know I think he he just he
just missed this Queenie for Bishop e2
idea but I don't know if it was playing
for when but I think there is there are
no grounds for white to play for four
wins is his king is to weaken many ways
sponsor are weak so even though he
nominally has a good night against my
bishop then doesn't matter so much the
number of victories in a row is now five
what is your largest string of victories
I think I've scored more before but only
and in children's tournament okay I
wasn't referring to those know and I
guess I start with it five out of five
in a open tournament into the 2005 and I
had four out of four well in the middle
of the tournament in in Romania and
2000-2010 but yeah for me ya number of
wins in row is something something
special of course so usually when i get
2 i'm really thrilled about that right
okay we probably really get excited by
eight but ok there's like three motor co
diem yeah I wouldn't wouldn't go that
far but I have it's also good I mean I
needed to somehow to win maybe today
since the other all the other guys one
and there are lots of players on non
plus three so it's good to to pull ahead
of them are you surprised by
tingly when score in the Torah a little
bit but he's playing fighting chess but
I guess it was a little bit lucky
yesterday so I mean he saw he says a
good player and he constantly challenges
his opponents both in preparation and
also in subsequent what Magnus good luck
and thank you very much thank you